This program is being debugged scratch ...... scratch....
     *     *
      * 0 *
        *
*****  *O* *****
       * *
      * | *
     *     *	
Compilation:
This program was compiled with gcc version 2.95.2 on Linux 2.2.12 and linked
to xforms.so.0.89 libc ELF
No other platform has been tested by me, cause I do not have one.


If you do not like the colors, try commenting out some lines in
./NewsFleX/setup/colors (restart the program after that).
Note that using a shared colormap may cause colors to look very different
from the intended ones.


The page up / down keys do not always seem to work with this version of
xforms.
Click in the scroll bars for now.
Reported bug to the xforms developers, so far no reply.


The auto disconnect from net option only works if the program 'knows'
it was connected (that is you use it in conjunction with the auto connect
to net option).
So if you connect using some other method then the auto connect function,
NewsFleX will not know about it, and assume you are not connected, and
then will not disconnect if the auto disconnect from net option was active.


Filters may cause an online crash if enabled.
If this happens, disable filters (in the filter form), during online
operations, then once offline change something in the filter form,
(add and delete a character in one of the input fields) and enable filters.
This will correctly filter the database.
I have only seen this once, and the reason may well be something totally
different.
  

If you use the alternate editor, do not do this while online, this will
stop the incoming data stream.
At the moment there are still crashes when using an externaleditor, save the     
file from within you editor before closing it in NewsFleX.


If you enable Sendmail (button in setup):
For now, if you use reply via email, the auto disconnect from net function
may be faster then the confirmation of the email send.
You will not get an error, and the email may be send correctly, but if you
do mailq there may still be something there.
The above is especially true if you use named, and there is a host name
lookup failure.
In such a case, sendmail will queue the mail.
To avoid this, send email with auto disconnect disabled, or ignore the
mailq report.
Or do not use sendmail.
NewsFleX has its own SMTP mailing program build in, this will work correctly.


Segfaults:
If you get segfaults and can reliably reproduce it, let me know.


Speed:
If you get new headers online, select the group list first.
It will take a long time if you display a long article list for
the program to redraw the article list browser every time an article is
received (mark it received).
I added 'Insert headers off line' button in the setup form.
This will decrease the on line time to the theoretical (which theory :) )
minimum.
Use this when you have a lot of articles in the groups (big data base).
Then sorting will be done after the connection to the server is closed,
(and possible disconnect from the net).
The speed is really only limited by the hard disk (writing headers to disk),
and the modem / whatever.
This gives me 2.83 KByte per second on my 14k4 modem with a 486 DX 2 66,
getting new headers in subscribed groups.
Not bad at all.
Getting marked article bodies is slower, because the next article is only
requested when the present one is complete.
The net connection may then ad up to a few seconds per article.
(300 mS is typical).
Added 'get articles by' MSG ID button in setup.
This will send all requests at once, and is much faster.
However this will not work on all servers.


Word wrap in posting editor:
Because the function fl_set_cursor_position in xforms is not working,
the word wrap goes wrong if you insert text in the middle of a file,
As the line wraps, and the text is reformatted, the rest of the text is
appended to the end of the file.
(I cannot move the cursor to the old position).
In case this becomes problematic, use the ALT EDITOR button (with an
alternative editor, I use joe, and then can also spellcheck from within joe
by pressing ctrl [ followed by L).
Or switch off wordwrap (goodies menu in posting editor).


URL functions are still in development.
No support for Java.
No support for frames.


Binary attachments:
NewsFleX uses munpack as an decoder for base 64 and other encoded articles.
If you try to do a 'LAUNCH', and munpack is not installed,
NewsFleX may complain about parts of multipart pictures not being present.
It will not tell you that munpack is not found.
Multipart pictures may give problems:
For the moment, if you have multi part pictures, get all the parts.
Then run Launch on all parts.
Ignore any error messages.
Then do Launch once more on the first part.
Worked for me.
The problem with programming this is, that if you limit the headers to say
100, you will likely not get all the parts, if there are more then 100 new
headers.
Personally for this reason I think it would be a good idea to NOT split
files when sending. (NewsFleX does not split files for this reason).
It only takes a short while to get a long file, it takes MUCH more time to
get all the pieces and decode.
And in the above example, if you do not have all parts, HOW are you gone
get a previous header, if you had the headers limit on?
The only way to do this is alter the last article read variable in
subscribed_groups.dat to the one in subscribed_groups.dat~ for that group,
and set maximum headers to a very large value.
But this will lose all selections, and you will have to get headers again
for that group.
So if you do want all parts for sure, set maximum headers to a big value,
but still the server may simply not have all the parts....
If someone knows a working scheme, let me know!


Memory:
I recommend 16 MByte or more.
Note that on a 486 more then 16 MB may slow things down, due to the fact that
the L1 (internal) cache can only do 16 MB, and the L2 (external) cache will
not add much speed.
So sometimes the executable code may be in a part of memory that is only
cacheble by the L2 cache, and speed will be HALF of what it is if there was
only 16 MByte RAM!
I have been told the pentium has 64 MByte limit, maybe the pentium II has
more, do not know.

Depending on memory size and the number of applications running,
the system may be swapping to disk.
This swapping may be annoying as it SEEMS the program is not reacting to the
mouse (but it will, just wait.................).


jan@panteltje.demon.nl (Jan Mourer)
